README.md, before:

# IntroAngular APP

This is a practice project following along with the freeCodeCamp tutorial found at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OHbjep_WjQ

## Node Server

This project uses a node server in an angular app.

```
mkdir server
cd server
npm init
npm i express -save
touch index.js
npm i body-parser
nodemon index.js //to make sure that the server is listening
```

This app also uses MongoDB for the backend - via `brew install mongodb` (for mac) - so run ```npm install mongoose` in the server folder. Continuing in the server folder ->

```
mkdir schemas
cd schemas
touch users.js
```

Run `mongod` and then `nodemon index.js`. Tested with robomongo (added users) and postico.

## ANGULAR

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.9.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

```

```

Commit message:

added app.get data and session login with express-session

README.md, after:

# IntroAngular APP

This is a practice project following along with the freeCodeCamp tutorial found at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OHbjep_WjQ

## Node Server

This project uses a node server in an angular app.

```
mkdir server
cd server
npm init
npm i express -save
touch index.js
npm i body-parser
nodemon index.js //to make sure that the server is listening
```

This app also uses MongoDB for the backend - via `brew install mongodb` (for mac) - so run ```npm install mongoose` in the server folder. Continuing in the server folder ->

```
mkdir schemas
cd schemas
touch users.js
```

Run `mongod` and then `nodemon index.js`. Tested with robomongo (added users) and postico.

In the server folder, run `npm i express-session --save` which allows us to use cookies and session in express.

## ANGULAR

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.9.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

```

```
